README.md, before:

## Table of Contents

- [Sponsors](#sponsors)
- [Features](#features)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Sponsor this project

[![patreon](https://i.imgur.com/u6aAqeL.png)](https://www.patreon.com/join/4865914)  [![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/zfolmt)

## Sponsors

Jairon O.; Odjit; Jera; Kokuren TCG and Gaming Shop; Rexxn; Eduardo G.; DirtyMike; Imperivm Draconis; Geoffrey D.; SirSaia; Robin C.;

## Features

Generally streamlined ModernCamera to the essentials with a few extra goodies (also a fancy news panel at the main menu :D). Not considered compatible with controllers/gamepads at this time; will explore that in the future if able. If anything is missing you were fond of open to feedback!

- **Camera Enhancements:**  Generally increased range of camera motion with specific first-person and third-person modes. Includes options for adjustable FOV, over-the-shoulder offsets, pitch/zoom locking, and aiming offsets. Supports forward aiming in action mode with optional crosshair visibility.
- **Additional Features:** Toggle HUD visibility; toggle batform fog visibility (this also hides clouds and their shadows on the ground);
- **Configuration:** Configuration for keybinds and options done at the in-game menu with rebinding support. Current keybinds: toggle mod functioning, toggle action mode, toggle HUD, and toggle batform fog.

## Credits

- The modding Discord logo and RetroCamera logo were both made by [@Odjit](https://github.com/Odjit), a very talented artist who also authors the Kindred mods! ([Kindred](https://thunderstore.io/c/v-rising/p/odjit/))
- [ModernCamera](https://github.com/v-rising/ModernCamera) by [@Dimentox](https://github.com/dimentox) serves as the foundation this mod and the versions below were built upon; a fantasic, much-needed addition to the game that tremendously improved the player experience and serves as a valuable open-source reference for client modding.
- [ModernCamera.fix_mouse-look](https://github.com/aequis/ModernCamera/tree/fix_mouse_look) by [@aequis](https://github.com/aequis) was a solid interim between the refactoring arrived at here and the original ModernCamera. 
- [ModernCameraFix](https://github.com/panthernet/ModernCameraFix) by [@panthernet](https://github.com/panthernet) is the most recently updated version of the original ModernCamera, making use of a continued Silkworm.
- [Silkworm](https://github.com/iZastic/vrising-silkworm) by [@iZastic](https://github.com/iZastic) Menu option implementation almost all from Silkworm (most likely incorporating into Bloodstone with keybinds #soon), with rebinding handled by a coroutine of mine.
- [Bloodstone](https://github.com/decaprime/Bloodstone) by [@decaprime](https://github.com/decaprime) Keybind implementation mostly informed by Bloodstone (plan on updating that aspect of Bloodstone back to functioning #soonTM) although I think some Silkworm made it in? Was extremely hard to keep track of at the time which was a large motivation for refactoring.

Commit message:

- emotes/shapeshifts first person and action mode with default keys - minus key default to complete journal quests - may have fixed bug with GUIDs at menu but unable to replicate myself thus far

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents

- [BepInExRC2](https://github.com/decaprime/VRising-Modding/releases/tag/1.733.2) <--- **REQUIRED**
- [Sponsors](#sponsors)
- [Features](#features)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Sponsor this project

[![patreon](https://i.imgur.com/u6aAqeL.png)](https://www.patreon.com/join/4865914)  [![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/zfolmt)

## Sponsors

Jairon O.; Odjit; Jera; Kokuren TCG and Gaming Shop; Rexxn; Eduardo G.; DirtyMike; Imperivm Draconis; Geoffrey D.; SirSaia; Robin C.;

## Features

Generally streamlined ModernCamera to the essentials with a few extra goodies (also a fancy news panel at the main menu :D). Not considered compatible with controllers/gamepads at this time; will explore that in the future if able. If anything is missing you were fond of open to feedback!

- **Camera Enhancements:**  Generally increased range of camera motion with specific first-person and third-person modes. Includes options for adjustable FOV, over-the-shoulder offsets, pitch/zoom locking, and aiming offsets. Supports forward aiming in action mode with optional crosshair visibility.
- **Additional Features:** Toggle HUD visibility; toggle batform fog visibility (this also hides clouds and their shadows on the ground); Complete journal quests via keybind;
- **Configuration:** Configuration for keybinds and options done at the in-game menu with rebinding support. Current keybinds: toggle mod functioning, toggle action mode, toggle HUD, and toggle batform fog.

## Credits

- The modding Discord logo and RetroCamera logo were both made by [@Odjit](https://github.com/Odjit), a very talented artist who also authors the Kindred mods! ([Kindred](https://thunderstore.io/c/v-rising/p/odjit/))
- [ModernCamera](https://github.com/v-rising/ModernCamera) by [@Dimentox](https://github.com/dimentox) serves as the foundation this mod and the versions below were built upon; a fantasic, much-needed addition to the game that tremendously improved the player experience and serves as a valuable open-source reference for client modding.
- [ModernCamera.fix_mouse-look](https://github.com/aequis/ModernCamera/tree/fix_mouse_look) by [@aequis](https://github.com/aequis) was a solid interim between the refactoring arrived at here and the original ModernCamera. 
- [ModernCameraFix](https://github.com/panthernet/ModernCameraFix) by [@panthernet](https://github.com/panthernet) is the most recently updated version of the original ModernCamera, making use of a continued Silkworm.
- [Silkworm](https://github.com/iZastic/vrising-silkworm) by [@iZastic](https://github.com/iZastic) Menu option implementation almost all from Silkworm (most likely incorporating into Bloodstone with keybinds #soon), with rebinding handled by a coroutine of mine.
- [Bloodstone](https://github.com/decaprime/Bloodstone) by [@decaprime](https://github.com/decaprime) Keybind implementation mostly informed by Bloodstone (plan on updating that aspect of Bloodstone back to functioning #soonTM) although I think some Silkworm made it in? Was extremely hard to keep track of at the time which was a large motivation for refactoring.
